docs: Document "all" as valid value in bitbucket.repositoryQuery (#4475)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/external_service/bitbucket_server.md

There are four fields for configuring which repositories are mirrored:

- [`repos`](bitbucket_server.md#configuration)<br>A list of repositories in `projectKey/repositorySlug` format.

> - [`repositoryQuery`](bitbucket_server.md#configuration)<br>A list of strings with one pre-defined option (`none`), and/or a [Bitbucket Server Repo Search Request Query Parameters](https://docs.atlassian.com/bitbucket-server/rest/6.1.2/bitbucket-rest.html#idp355). An empty query string `?` means no filters, so it matches all repos visible to the configured `token`.

Author: ```suggestion
- [`repositoryQuery`](bitbucket_server.md#configuration)<br>A list of strings with one pre-defined option (`none`), and/or a [Bitbucket Server Repo Search Request Query Parameters](https://docs.atlassian.com/bitbucket-server/rest/6.1.2/bitbucket-rest.html#idp355). A single `?` means no filters, so it matches all repos visible to the configured `token`.
```
